hey guys John via from phone rainy here
I'm at a stress press event checking out
the Acer Aspire switch 10 it's a
convertible tablet hybrid device it's
part tablet part laptop and it's going
to be coming out in the US the thing
that really surprised me the most here
is the cost when it launches here in the
summer and June to be exact it's gonna
retail for $380 and as its name implies
it's a 10.1 inch tablet which has
different forms comes with the keyboard
dock here it's helped by magnets in
place and you get a lot of different
variations of the form factor so you
could have it as your usual laptop mode
you have this you know viewing mode you
could have like here so you could prop
it up towards the back you also could
lay it up on top like so like almost
some tea Lenovo yoga yoga yoga devices
10 model 1/10 bone I believe they call
it and of course you could always just
detach the entire thing see if I get get
it off with one hand okay there we go
so it comes off just like that and you
could use it as a normal tablet as you
like 10.1 inch tablet there it's pretty
pleasant to display a nice crisp view
angles to look pretty superb minimal
Distortion
the chassis it looks like it's feels
metal metallic but a little bit in the
hollow side could be po hope it could be
like full metal to be some sort of
plastic but a nice finish clean design
so around the tablet farm you have the
magnetic dock
right here with the latches to connect
on the left side we'll say who have just
the 30 nanometer focus here for a second
that's okay I'm a 13 1/2 millimeter a
headset jack yeah I'm gonna power up on
your volume control up top it is pretty
clean on the right get some additional
reports microUSB port you have a HDMI
micro HDMI port we'll say your
proprietary power but power port right
there micro SD card slot their
microphones and all that jazz there's a
perforation camera but no rear camera
from the boss said as far as the
keyboards concern its tip called chiclet
style keyboard layout prettiest little
bird race believe it's backlit too so
that's a nice feel gonna be using the
dark pretty pretty good in size they're
not too small so you could actually tie
it fairly comfortably with it and like I
said I think shares like some sort of
magnet so it's fairly easy for the most
part once you have it so you snap it in
and there you go automatically will just
hold in place like that it sparked by an
Intel Atom processor I'm gonna assume
that you can have different
configurations for but the based on
price point for this is $380 the
keyboard dock has a built-in USB port a
full-size one so you had that
flexibility and functionality of
attaching the different purpose to it so
it has some cool form factors the price
is you know pretty competitive and it's
going to be launching relatively soon so
you guys wanna learn more about the
Easter spar switch 10 you can check out
our website phone Reno coms jaanvi
thanks for watching